Search Keyword: 'udemy data'

1.  Udemy – Data Mining with Rattle
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2874.html

2.  Udemy – Data Analysis with Python and Pandas
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2818-1446593857.html

3.  Udemy - Data Mining with R: Go from Beginner to Advanced!
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3665.html

4.  Udemy – Data Analysis Made Easy - Learn Hive & Pig
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3463.html

5.  Udemy – Data Science A-Z™: Real-Life Data Science Exercises Included
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3310.html

6.  Udemy – Data Analysis in Python with Pandas
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2921.html

7.  Udemy – Data Analytics for Business Professionals
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3512.html

8.  Udemy – Data Visualization with Python and Matplotlib
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2146.html

9.  Udemy – Data Structures and Algorithms in Java
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2147.html

10.  Udemy - Data integration (ETL) with Talend Open Studio
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3866-1447886259.html

11.  Udemy – Python Step by Step: Build a Data Analysis Program (2015)
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/Udemy_Python_Step_by_Step_Build_a_Data_Analysis_Program_2015-1445413025.html

12.  Udemy – JSF Tutorial: JavaServer Faces for Beginners - JSF 2.2
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2097-1444112210.html

13.  Udemy – Hadoop In Real World: Become an Expert Hadoop Developer
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/software/Udemy_Hadoop_In_Real_World_Become_an_Expert_Hadoop_Developer-1445949717.html

14.  Udemy - The Complete IOS 9 & Xcode 7 Guide - Make 20 Applications
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/Udemy-The_Complete_IOS_9_and_Xcode_7_Guide-Make_20_Applications-1446211235.html

15.  Udemy - AdWords Math: Data-Backed Strategies for Better Advertising
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/adwordsmath-1444409585.html

16.  Udemy – 70-461 Session 2: Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2926-1445949708.html

17.  Udemy – Learn Java Data Types And Variables From Scratch
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag1900-1447410334.html

18.  Udemy - Rapid Prototyping with Ionic: Build a Data-Driven Mobile App
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/build-a-stock-market-mobile-app-1447410333.html

19.  Udemy – SQL for Newbs: Beginner Data Analysis
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3387-1445413033.html

20.  Udemy - Google Analytics Mastery
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/google-analytics-mastery-1447189034.html

21.  Udemy – 70-461 Session 3: Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2923-1445949708.html

22.  Udemy – Practical Excel 2013 – Intermediate & Advanced
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2844-1446211235.html

23.  Udemy – Excel 2013 PowerPivot & Advanced Business Intelligence Tools
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2839-1444754118.html

24.  Udemy – The Complete IOS 9 Swift 2.0 Guide - Make 20 Applications
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/Udemy_The_Complete_IOS_9_Swift_2.0_Guide_Make_20_Applications-1446211237.html

25.  Udemy – Introduction to JSON JavaScript Object Notation Tutorial
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2358-1444409590.html

26.  Udemy - Excel for Data Analysis: Basic to Expert Level (2015) [repost]
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/software/UdemyExcelforDataAnalysisBasictoExpertLevel2015repost.html

27.  Udemy – Everything iOS9
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/Udemy_Everything_iOS9-1445949709.html

28.  Udemy – Projects in Hadoop and Big Data - Learn by Building Apps
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/Udemy_Projects_in_Hadoop_and_Big_Data_Learn_by_Building_Apps.html

29.  Udemy - Excel for Data Analysis: Basic to Expert Level
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3615.html

30.  Udemy – Case Studies in Data Mining with R
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2771.html

31.  Udemy – Transform your excel lists into powerful data-driven apps
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/software/windows_software/Udemy_Transform_your_excel_lists_into_powerful_data_driven_apps.html

32.  Udemy – Become QlikView Developer from Scratch (2015)
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/UdemyBecomeQlikViewDeveloperfromScratch2015.html

33.  Udemy – Big Data for Business Professionals
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3572.html

34.  Udemy – Tableau for Beginners - Analyzing 3 Separate Data Sets
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3514.html

35.  Udemy – Programming Statistical Applications in R
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3244-1445949707.html

36.  Udemy – Learn Business Data Analysis with Excel in under 5Hrs.
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2988-1445413020.html

37.  Udemy – Become a Professional Python Programmer
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2845.html

38.  Udemy – The Complete Introduction to Business Data Analysis
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2342.html

39.  Udemy – Essential Fundamentals of R
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2321.html

40.  Udemy – Practical Transformation Using XSLT and XPath
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/xml/Udemy.Practical.Transformation.Using.XSLT.and.XPath-1445413024.html

41.  Udemy – Building a Rich Internet Application with Vaadin
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/Udemy_Building_a_Rich_Internet_Application_with_Vaadin.html

42.  Udemy – Learn Data Visualisation with Tableau 9
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2103.html

43.  Udemy - Business Intelligence With QlikView - 0 To Full Sales App
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag4151-1446593860.html

44.  Udemy - Learn Data Warehousing from Scratch- From Solution Architect
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag4086-1446593849.html

45.  Udemy – Tableau 9 Advanced Training: Master Tableau for Data Science (2015)
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/UdemyTableau9AdvancedTrainingMasterTableauforDataScience2015.html

46.  Udemy - Implementing a Data Warehouse with SQL Server 2012
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3677-1444754111.html

47.  Udemy – Building Responsive Data Visualizations with D3 JS
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3236-1445413023.html

48.  More Data Mining with R
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/more-data-mining-with-r.html

49.  Udemy – Practical Data Science
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2189.html

50.  Udemy – R - Business Analytics Using R Programming
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2024.html

51.  Udemy - Analytics for All: Beginners to Experts (2015)
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/economics_finances/UdemyAnalyticsforAllBeginnerstoExperts2015.html

52.  Udemy - Learn Hadoop, MapReduce and BigData from Scratch [Repost]
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/learn-hadoop-mapreduce-and-bigdata-from-scratch.html

53.  Udemy - Tableau 9 For Data Science: REAL-Life Data Science Exercises
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag1808.html

54.  Udemy - Master Big Data and Hadoop Step-By-Step from Scratch
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/learn-hadoop-step-by-step-from-scratch.html

55.  Udemy - SAS Base Programming Essentials on Data Manipulation
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag4041-1446944427.html

56.  Udemy - Excel With Excel Pivot Tables: Pivot Charts
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3976-1445949714.html

57.  Udemy –  Implementing eDiscovery in SharePoint: The Complete Course
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/software/Udemy_Implementing_eDiscovery_in_SharePoint_The_Complete_Course-1445949715.html

58.  Udemy - Introduction to GIS for Beginners
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3921-1447410338.html

59.  Udemy – Intermediate Topics for Unity Game Developers - Part Two
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3539-1444409589.html

60.  Udemy – Learn Data Visualization with Tableau 9.1 + Coaching Session
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3319.html

61.  Udemy – Introduction to Apache Spark for Developers and Engineers
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3085.html

62.  Udemy – Building Hadoop Clusters
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3084.html

63.  Udemy – Android: Using the Parse SDK to save data in the cloud
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2811-1444409586.html

64.  Udemy – Practical Data Science: Analyzing Stock Market Data with R
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2391.html

65.  Udemy – Advanced WordPress Development- Take Control of The Back End (2015)
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/general/web_development/Udemy_Advanced_WordPress_Development_Take_Control_of_The_Back_End_2015-1445413024.html

66.  Udemy – MailChimp for Successful Email Marketing and List Building
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2330-1446211239.html

67.  Udemy – The Complete Excel Master Course - Become an Excel Guru
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2315.html

68.  Udemy – Microsoft Access VBA for Non Programmers-Learn VBA Now
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2201-1445413025.html

69.  Udemy - Python for Trading & Investing
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/naag1615.html

70.  Udemy - Comprehensive Course on Hadoop Analytic Tool : Apache Hive
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3673-1444754111.html

71.  Udemy - Applied Multivariate Analysis with R
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3631.html

72.  Udemy - Taming Big Data with Apache Spark - Hands On!
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/uy-taming_big_data_apache_spark.html

73.  Udemy – Everything About PHP Sessions
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3499.html

74.  Udemy – Operational Challenges with Data in Excel - Demystified
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3300.html

75.  Udemy – Learn R Programming from Scratch
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3271.html

76.  Udemy – Algorithms and Data Structures in Java
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3201.html

77.  Udemy – Excel with Interactive Excel Dashboards
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3205-1444112212.html

78.  Udemy – Learning Python for Data Analysis and Visualization (Updated)
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3049.html

79.  Udemy – Learning KnockoutJS
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2753.html

80.  Udemy – The Complete Excel 2013 Course for Beginners: Learn by Doing
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2466-1444754117.html

81.  Udemy – Credit Card Security Professional (CCSP)
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/business_job/Udemy_Credit_Card_Security_Professional_CCSP.html

82.  Udemy – R Programming - Learn R from Scratch
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag1901.html

83.  Udemy - Excel: Stunning Excel Dashboards with PowerPivot-Power View
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/naag1306.html

84.  Udemy - Impress your Boss - Visualize data with Microsoft Excel
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3984-1447410335.html

85.  Udemy - Rapid D3 JS
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3968-1445949717.html

86.  Udemy – Build Apps with ReactJS: The Complete Course (2015)
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/general/web_development/Udemy_Build_Apps_with_ReactJS_The_Complete_Course_2015.html

87.  Udemy - Excel Dashboards using Excel Powerpivot
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3726-1444754113.html

88.  Udemy – Advanced Data Structures and Algorithms in Java
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3559.html

89.  Udemy – IT Security Fundamentals: CompTIA Security+ 2015
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3504-1445413033.html

90.  Udemy – Clinical SAS Programming(CDISC)
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3478.html

91.  Udemy – Multivariate Data Visualization with R
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3405.html

92.  Udemy – Algorithms and Data Structures in Python
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3373.html

93.  Udemy – Exploring the Analytics aspect of Excel using simple example
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3302.html

94.  Udemy – Business Data Analysis with Microsoft Excel
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3093.html

95.  Udemy – 70-461 Session 5: Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2830-1446211235.html

96.  Udemy – These 5 Excel Tricks Will Save Your Job
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2557-1446211237.html

97.  Udemy – Google Sheets for Excel Users
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2552.html

98.  Udemy – The Complete Excel 2013 Pivot Table Course
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2314.html

99.  Udemy – Matlab Basics for Beginners
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2245.html

100.  Udemy – Learning Functional JavaScript
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/general/web_development/Udemy_Learning_Functional_JavaScript.html

101.  Udemy – Mastering Cassandra
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2210.html

102.  Udemy – Advanced Excel 2007
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2166.html

103.  Udemy – Lean Six Sigma in Healthcare
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning_book/information_technologies/Udemy.Lean.Six.Sigma.in.Healthcare.html

104.  Udemy - Algorithmic Trading with MATLAB & WFAToolbox
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/naag1650-1447189035.html

105.  Udemy - Effective use of Excel 2013 in real life
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/naag1459.html

106.  Udemy - React JS and Flux Web Development for Beginners
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/UdemyReactJSandFluxWebDevelopmentforBeginners.html

107.  Udemy - Advanced MS Excel 2010 Videos Tutorial
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag4081-1446593851.html

108.  Udemy – Introduction to MicroStrategy Report Development I
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3481.html

109.  Udemy – SAS programming for beginners 
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3321.html

110.  Udemy – Comprehensive Course on Apache Hadoop Database: Apache HBase
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3075.html

111.  Udemy – Building Interactive Dashboards with Tableau
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2957.html

112.  Udemy – Introducing AngularJS
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2927.html

113.  Udemy - Introduction to Oracle SQL
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/introduction-to-oracle-sql.html

114.  Udemy – Microsoft Azure & Cloud Computing
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2537.html

115.  Udemy – Build Realtime Social iOS Apps With Firebase and Swift
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag1985.html

116.  Udemy – PL/SQL by Example
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag1927.html

117.  Udemy - PowerPoint + Excel Fusion: Exec Strategies (+250 Slide Deck)
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/naag1544.html

118.  Udemy - Administering Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Databases - 70-462
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag4133-1446944428.html

119.  Udemy - Excel Keyboard Shortcuts
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3760-1445413568.html

120.  Udemy - Programming for Marketers
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3721-1444754115.html

121.  Udemy - Machine Learning and Statistical Modeling with R Examples
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3692-1444754104.html

122.  Udemy – Java 8 - Core Training
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3587.html

123.  Udemy – Learn Microsoft Excel Online
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3531-1444112209.html

124.  Udemy – Selenium WebDriver with Java, TestNG and Log4j
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3485-1444112213.html

125.  Udemy – MySQL Database Development for Beginners
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3408.html

126.  Udemy – Microsoft Excel 2013: Beginner to Advanced
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3331.html

127.  Udemy – IT Networking Fundamentals: CompTIA Network+ 2015
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3324-1445413029.html

128.  Udemy – Microsoft Access 2013: Beyond the Basics Bundle
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3213.html

129.  Udemy – Practical SQL Skills from Intermediate to Advanced
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2954-1444112214.html

130.  Udemy – Practical Excel 2013 Pivot Tables and Pivot Charts
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2878-1444754118.html

131.  Udemy – Mastering Lookup Functions in MS Excel 2013 Training
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2756-1444112220.html

132.  Udemy – 70-461 Session 6: Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2726-1445949708.html

133.  Udemy – The Complete Facebook Ads and Facebook Marketing Course 2015
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2416-1444112225.html

134.  Udemy – Web Scraping with Python, Ruby & import. io for fun & profit
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2309.html

135.  Udemy – Web Scraping with Python, Ruby & import. io for fun & profit
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2278.html

136.  Udemy – Learn Android M Development, Build Phone and Wearable Apps
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/Udemy.Learn.Android.M.Development.Build.Phone.and.Wearable.Apps.html

137.  Udemy – Essential JavaScript, jQuery and AngularJS Training
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2022.html

138.  Udemy: Certified Business Analytics Foundation-SAS Tools & Excel (2015)
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/certified-business-analytics-foundation-sas-tools-excel-1445949714.html

139.  Udemy – Excel Hacking: Real Strategies for Excel Mastery + Templates
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag1993-1446593852.html

140.  Udemy - Pay Nothing To Save Your Business In No Time
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/naag1536.html

141.  Udemy - Excel 2016 PowerPivot, PowerMap, PowerQuery, PowerView & BI
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/uy-excl_2016_ppv_pmp_pqr_pvw_bi.html

142.  Udemy – Master Hadoop Cluster Administration (2015) [repost]
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/UdemyMasterHadoopClusterAdministration2015repost.html

143.  Udemy - Intermediate MS Excel - Logic Theory and If Functions
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag4168-1446593859.html

144.  Udemy - Top 10 Excel Skills For Successful Business Professionals
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3983-1446944429.html

145.  Udemy – Executive & Administrative Assistant Training
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/business_job/Udemy_Executive_Administrative_Assistant_Training-1445949718.html

146.  Udemy - TERADATA: Data Warehousing technology
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3859.html

147.  Udemy - Computer Science for Absolute Beginners with Java
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3632.html

148.  Udemy – Javascript and jQuery Basics for Beginners
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3526-1444112211.html

149.  Udemy – Microsoft Access 2013: Beginner to Advanced
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3446.html

150.  Udemy – Excel for Data Analysis
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3389.html

151.  Udemy – Excel 2013 Essentials for Beginners
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3368.html

152.  Udemy - Learn Apache Spark from Scratch
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/learn-apache-spark-from-scratch.html

153.  Udemy – Access 2013 Tips & Tricks: Time Saving Questions Answered
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2989.html

154.  Udemy – JavaScript AJAX PHP mySQL create a Dynamic web Form project
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2889.html

155.  Udemy – Microsoft Excel 2013 for the absolute beginner
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2863.html

156.  Udemy – Learning Firebase
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2812.html

157.  Udemy – Excel 2007 Simplified
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2752.html

158.  Udemy – Excel for Analysts: Mastering Advanced Formulas & Functions
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2561.html

159.  Udemy – Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2478.html

160.  Udemy – The Complete Java Developer Course
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/java/Udemy.The.Complete.Java.Developer.Course-1438732519.html

161.  Udemy – Beginner's Guide to Microsoft Excel
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag1959.html

162.  Udemy - Databases Design Master Course
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/UdemyDatabasesDesignMasterCourse.html

163.  Udemy - Be Master of PHP with MySQL
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag1713.html

164.  Udemy - Learn Microsoft Excel 2013 and Save $1000s
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/naag1516.html

165.  Udemy - Java Database Connection: JDBC and MySQL
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/naag1181.html

166.  Udemy - Learn Python Programming Language (2015)
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/Udemy-Learn.Python.Programming.Lanaguage.html

167.  Udemy - SQL - Advanced
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/uy-sql_advanced.html

168.  Udemy - Learning Data Structures and Algorithms
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag4130-1446593859.html

169.  Udemy - Easily build a complete Cloud backend for your Android apps
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3943-1447410336.html

170.  Udemy - SAP HANA -SP09 Implementation, Modeling and Reporting Course
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3682-1444754110.html

171.  Udemy – Microservices with Spring Cloud
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3554.html

172.  Udemy – Excellence in Excel! Create an advanced Excel Dashboard!
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3546.html

173.  Udemy – Solving Games in Java (Part I) - Practical Java Projects
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3406.html

174.  Udemy – Microsoft Excel 2010 for Beginners Masterclass
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3371.html

175.  Udemy – Surviving Digital Forensics: Link Files
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3362.html

176.  Udemy – SAP BI /SAP Business Objects Web Intelligence
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3218.html

177.  Udemy – Learn Python Programming
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3099.html

178.  Udemy – Website and Web App Performance Optimization
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag3094.html

179.  Udemy – AJAX Bootcamp learn Asynchronous JavaScript and XML 
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2973.html

180.  Udemy – SharePoint 2013: How to Quickly Create Quality Surveys
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2908.html

181.  Udemy – Learn Python: Python for Beginners
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2898.html

182.  Udemy – MS Office: Accessing a Database from VBA
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2695-1446593851.html

183.  Udemy – Beginning Excel 2016 Made Simple: Improve Your Income Now
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2673.html

184.  Udemy – DIY SEO for WordPress
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2583.html

185.  Udemy – SAP Material Management Consultant Training Beginner to Adv
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2514.html

186.  Udemy – A Beginner's Guide to the Meteor JavaScript Framework
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/general/web_development/Udemy_A_Beginners_Guide_to_the_Meteor_JavaScript_Framework.html

187.  Udemy – Using MODX CMS to Build Websites: A Beginner's Guide
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/general/web_development/Udemy_Using_MODX_CMS_to_Build_Websites_A_Beginners_Guide.html

188.  Udemy – Create Android and iOS App using HTML, CSS and JS
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2200-1444112217.html

189.  Udemy – Java Server Faces 2.2 (JSF) with Theory and Practice
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2148.html

190.  Udemy – Computer Network: Networking fundamentals for Students
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/security_info/Udemy.Computer.Network.Networking.fundamentals.for.Students.html

191.  Udemy – Oracle SQL 12c : Become an SQL Developer - (with Subtitle)
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2127-1444409587.html

192.  Udemy – SharePoint 2013: Create Surveys in a Matter of Minutes
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2119.html

193.  Udemy – Road Design using ESurveyCADD
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/graphics_drawing_design/Udemy_Road_Design_using_ESurveyCADD.html

194.  Udemy – SharePoint 2010: Create Surveys in Minutes
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2107.html

195.  Udemy – Web Analytics - Learn Nuts & Bolts of Web Analytics
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag2046.html

196.  Udemy – Asp.Net MVC With Entity Framework From Scratch
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag1975.html

197.  Udemy - Learn to Make Android Apps - for Absolute Beginners
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag1865.html

198.  Udemy - Excel 2016 Course - Popular Excel Text Functions Explained
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/eLearning/naag1824-1445949710.html

199.  Udemy - Python and Network Automation: Build 5 Python Apps (2015)
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/programming_development/UdemyPythonandNetworkAutomationBuild5PythonApps2015.html

200.  Udemy - Import CSV File to MySQL
http://avxhome.se/ebooks/naag1376.html

